1.    high level object oriented programing language
       javac=javac is compilar which convert sourse code to byte code
 
 2     JDK=java devolpment kit=The JDK is an abbreviation for Java Development Kit
        JVM=java vartial machine=The JVM is an abbreviation for Java Virtual Machine
		JRE=java runtime enivarnment=The JRE is an abbreviation for Java Runtime Environment.
		
3    Insertion and deletion operations are costly in arrays as elements are stored in contiguous memory	
 
 
 4   class=a template used to create objects and to define object data types and methods
      object signature=the signatures of the object's methods that are required to use the object.
	  
5	  java file=java file contains your Java source code while a .
       class file= class file contains the Java bytecode produced by the Java compiler. 
	   
6	   method signature = the structure of a method that is designed by the programmer. 
	   
	   
7	 high level object oriented programing language  


8   eclipseor
      Netbeans



9. it is a cantainer which is used store the data/hold data is called variable
        1.local variable
		2.static variable
		3.instance variable
		
		
10  keywords of java==abstarct.assert.byte.booleon .break.case char.class.catch.const.defoult.do.else.enum.extends.float.final.finally.goto.it		
		
		
		
11 class variable=Fields that have the static modifier in their declaration are called static fields or class variables		
		
12    type of data to be stored in variable
		primative date types;- 
		
      boolean data type.
       byte data type.
       char data type.
       short data type.
       int data type.
       long data type.
       float data type.
       double data type
	   
	   nonprimative datetypes;-
	    
		String
		arrays etc
		
	   
13     data operater= used to access class, structure, or union members


14 	   Simple.
          Object-Oriented.
          Platform Independent.
           Portable.
         Robust.
         Secure.
         Interpreted.
         Multi-Threaded.
	   